Book Directory API

This is a simple API for managing a directory of books, built with Node.js and Express. It allows users to perform CRUD operations on a list of books using different HTTP methods (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE). The project aims to provide trainees with a practical understanding of Express, HTTP methods, JSON handling, and basic validation.

The Book Directory API allows users to manage information for each book, including:

Book Title
Author
Publisher
Published Date
ISBN (International Standard Book Number)
Endpoints
The API operates at http://localhost:3000/ and provides the following endpoints:

Get All Books
Endpoint: GET /books
Description: Retrieves a list of all books in the directory.
Get Book by ISBN
Endpoint: GET /books/:isbn
Description: Retrieves information about a specific book using its ISBN.
Response: Returns the book details if found; otherwise, returns a 404 error with a "Book not found" message.
Add a New Book
Endpoint: POST /books
Description: Adds a new book to the directory.

Request Body: JSON object containing the following fields:

{
  "title": "Book Title",
  "author": "Author Name",
  "publisher": "Publisher Name",
  "publishedDate": "YYYY-MM-DD",
  "isbn": "ISBN Number"
}


Validation: All fields are required. If any field is missing, the server returns a 400 error with a message stating that "All fields are required."
Update a Book
Endpoint: PUT /books/:isbn
Description: Updates details of a specific book by its ISBN.
Request Body: JSON object containing any of the fields to be updated (title, author, publisher, publishedDate).
Response: Returns the updated book details if found; otherwise, returns a 404 error if the book is not found.
Delete a Book
Endpoint: DELETE /books/:isbn
Description: Deletes a book from the directory using its ISBN.
Response: Returns a success message if the book is deleted; otherwise, returns a 404 error if the book is not found.
Error Handling
For any non-existent routes, the server responds with a 404 error and a message: "Route not found."
Basic validation ensures all fields are provided when adding a new book.